The Hildon Home application
===========================

The hildon-home process implements loading of Home applets, notification
service, and loading of Home background images. There are multiple Home
views, and the user can select between them by horizontally scrolling
the screen. Each of the views can have a different set of dynamically
loaded Home applets, a small Gtk+ applications with their own, possibly
transparent, X window displayed on top of the Home background. Home has
a layout mode in which the applet windows can be moved, resized, and
dragged to a neighbouring Home view.

Hildon-desktop handles positioning and displaying of the Home applets
and background pictures according to the currently selected Home view.
hildon-desktop also implements the Home layout mode in cooperation with
hildon-home. Home flags the applet windows with specific window
properties to tell hildon-desktop to handle them in a special way. Home
also stores the applet positions and the Home view where they are active
to GConf for hildon-desktop.

Hildon-home provides a service on the D-Bus session bus to display
notifications on the screen, based on a proposed freedesktop.org Desktop
Notification Specification. Typical notifications are incoming e-mails,
chat messages, and missed phone calls. The service supports persistent
notifications that are retained over a reboot, simple dialogs with
return values, and queueing of notifications. It is also possible to
install plugins for the notification service, e.g. to support sound and
vibration effects in connection to notifications.

For the notification plugins and home applets APIs see libhildondesktop.


Requirements
============

* libhildondesktop
* gnome-vfs
* dbus
* sqlite
